There are only about seven different parts of the types of things that I’m talking about. Or even the mess of dirty dishes which cleans itself. Writing these issues speaks volumes to that campfire. Where a space became bent or broken by ash. There were just people there who looked like they were from the movies, which just goes to show exactly what they do see on strings and peachy dust. I felt like I was back inside the color box where things weren’t open or closed and all the little animals were there. I spoke to her and him but I felt sort of trapped outside of everyone’s eyeballs. It was like being in a movie theater except you spilled beer on someone and the light just covers everything like a thin film of dust. No arms or legs could move. Even on Thayer, I find myself walking down the same street over and over. Or thinking it’s my turn but really it just looks like a lamppost. These paper wrappings keep making me feel permeable in a way that makes me uncomfortable. I have this sort of reserve content which I can dip into to create intimacy. I looked around at everyone and slowly started imagining the irony melting off of me until I’m naked and everyone else is naked and that’s okay because everyone has become translucent, yet hard with comfort. I’m drinking but it doesn’t seem to make a difference. My mind already knows the places where the water is warm and the new spots where I must thaw myself so that I can eat again. The food wasn’t bad either. I realized that delis are a place that smells like a shirt you washed a someone else’s house. I want one of those shirts where the letters are so big that you can’t read them. I’m especially skeptical of stripes because they tend to have page numbers. I’m so close to bleaching my hair that I can smell my own disappointment. I wonder which direction he’s looking in. I tell him that I’m sorry his job is so boring. My own presumptions about who’s safe and who’s not make me feel like letting go would be the best part. I couldn’t read that chapter because I don’t read books. I noticed the way they both literally began to bend before my eyes. The way their expressions blurred or appeared double so that they looked like an elephant or something. Then when they were fixed down I got more of a chance to salt the water for pasta or make the assumption that I’d hate that girl over there. Maybe I’m a little off balance. Someone had my jacket, but it doesn’t matter because I have their hat. I was able to pull every string and look like the little lamb and play cautious and be an almost shaved mustache, but I also felt like I had all the puppets in hand which was unbelievably chill. Its like how you really have to get so close to see what something is made of and then it disappears. Or the way you need to forget how to play the violin to really experience every note. I know it takes time and I’m trying to push along that process into a space where it becomes warm and malleable. I want to roll around on the floor and laugh at this thing and that things. I don’t want to look for apartments again. Mostly though I’m becoming more careful with all the little lines that I want to draw on everything. Where does the face feel intense? How does every Saturday make me feel like everyone hates me. Or I wake up feeling like I’ve been twisted into a knot. This really helps because every time I drink from that cup, I feel more and more like the rest of the dishes that need washing. Or I feel like a stolen hat that means I’m part of a boat. I keep looking for all these places where they keep garlic powder or some other cooking stuff. Breaking desire into little bits that I can chew up with a fork. Smashing little pieces of lemon up into foreign exchanges. I’m looking around and finally getting intimate with the borders of these legs and hands. It’s weird because I’ve never had to do that before. Or I’ve never had to be placed so carefully in a room without light. I guess what I’m trying to say is that when my pen runs out of ink I’ll probably just sit down, take out a book and not read it, but it will be there and that is what matters to other people. That’s what will freeze and that’s what people will drive over in the winter. That’s what exists for a little bit and then leaves without forgetting its jacket. Being drunk in the library would be a bad idea. There’s so much patience that comes with being unattractive. There’s so much bike that comes with releasing muscles. The best part about doing something three times a day is that it starts to look more and more like a water bottle or a styrofoam cup. Drink out of it if you dare.  I’m having a hard time with these shrouds. I’m trying to figure out the way they slip in and out of different covers. I want to peel off these sorts of masks but I also want to lay right on top of hem. I want to dismiss and I want to be appalled. I fell like I am in a foreign country. Wrenched apart from the things that are familiar. Everything normal, everything on the streets begins to collapse into the realm of the uncanny. The pavement seems too clean. Walking around the city is easy and uneventful. On the one hand, I want to witness my rupture from the surrounding. I want to balk at the button down shirts and be appalled by shorts. I want to bring territory with me. I want my aura to be a disruption of this space. Tell me again. I haven’t been in here in five years. Proud to struggle, I am validated by my own discontent. Place me in a space outside of here. Walk slowly towards things because they are large and they poke inside of my lungs. Can my hand or face be a testimony? I also exist in the shroud. Hide my calves even in the hottest weather. Force you to see the trails that my mind brings with it. Yet, I have existed here. I run deep with this sense. My eyes penetrate far into the backrooms of any shop. Can you please tell me where the bathroom is? I know all the things on the menu. There can’t not be. I feel guilty to know. I perspire sweat that is already dry. I have counted the total number of acorns on every tree. I don’t have to bend down to see the bottom shelf. My body continues to exist. My gaze bounces back into itself. I want to fall in between the covers of a sidewalk or telephone poll. Scattered around like daisies. Looking for the things on a scavenger hunt. Everyone becomes glassy as they pass my vision. The reflections that twinkle off of the provide substantial nutrients for my layers. Swallowing jackets, sweaters and shorts, I can encase the limits of my legs and arms. Help me become visible from a distance. Reflect off of me as I reflect off of you. How can I pull sand and heat directly into the downtown area? How can I open up a space of not knowing at a busy intersection? How can I make you know that I do not intersect with your body? That I am an object that would bump not you causing courtesy and discomfort? Maybe I can call you boss. Maybe I can talk to the security guards. Maybe eyes trail along the surface of the floor and open up new traps. If I don’t walk anywhere, I can never be lost. And if I don’t hurt myself, I don’t have to see the casing that flutter off of me. Special planks of wood can be set up to facilitate my departure. Only showing planes until they are smooth enough to be parboiled. Prescient space criss crosses between us. It look undercooked. It looks raw. I feel the bottom of the tank but I hope for new surfaces. Wind isn’t something. I feel on my coat. Bikes locks are really closely related to theft. I’m trying to tell everyone what’s going on in my life but it keeps unfolding around me in ways that I haven’t been expecting. The vast majority of people are still puzzled about who exactly was chasing who. I felt really extreme because I knew all the answers the moment that they came up. How unexpected can you make something if you only have minimal instructions. I was just about to pop over to yours. He brought down the hammer on me. I am having a lot of trouble talking in my normal voice. This page appears to have theoretical concerns which other people don’t. Impulses are crazy. Making more and more space for what’s obvious or difficult. I just want to play with other people until my hands feel massaged. Or walk up and down the street until people find me unexpected. How many trucks do you think there are in this state. What sorts of routes do you know about. Can you find them with a keen sense of direction or the right dictionary. I brought that set of keys to the party, but still couldn’t get into the bathroom. I felt entitled but also overwhelmed. Someone asked me if I knew where the ice was which was strange because we were all sitting in it. That’s about the time that all the wood around me began to crumbling, which reminds me of why I was there. Why was I there? I can’t even remember actually. I think I had become stuck between the walls which made it really hard to go between the two different parties. Overtime someone was in the bathroom, I would help them brush their teeth or put their arms back on. I was quite good at my job until the sun came up. I was quite unaware of what one does with every single cone on the left side of the road. I tried stacking them. I tried getting lost. I tried opening up a can of beans. All of these things paled in comparison to where I felt like I was going. To be honest, I felt like I was on a train or in the dark or somewhere that you can't be unless you really think hard. The most curious thing about being in the room with so many people at one time is that you can hear everyone but can’t necessarily see their expressions. In fact, I kept my eyes closed the whole time—not out of fear but as a courtesy to those around me. The result was that even as I fell asleep a bunch of different things came closer into my view. I started to see a sweater unravel until it was just a single strand. I started to see the way in which animals penetrate even the most clever human contraptions. I started to be able to feel whenever someone’s eyes were laid directly on me. I had a growing sense of certainty around my relationship to everything in the room. It was clear at exactly which angle the sun’s rays were hitting me. Perfect distance came extremely naturally to me. I guess all of this is to say that in this room of mirrors I could see exactly where every part of me was. I could look at the front and back of my head at the same time. I could taste exactly what I had eaten every meal for the last week. I could finally conceive of what it meant to be at a glass table. My new found sense of awareness was coercive and in this moment where every single part of the room became clear, I lost a good sense of exactly where I was. I felt as though my whole life had been put on pause. I felt as though I had found the exact area where I was trapped. Then again, the only part of the situation that disturbed me was the constant element of remembering I kept experiencing. It folded me back over into the grass. It took me back down the stairs. It worked in present time as exactly whatever parts were needed. Exposed to brick, I turned to brick and exposed to yelling, I felt my insides begin to expand. It was only once I had settled down—once I was in my chair that I really spoke to what was going on. Can you be in writing as the space of bears opens up to you. Twist each knuckle or forearm available to you into the best part available. Translate diaries from languages that you don’t know back to the place that they came. Walk down the street at might night and purchase as much weight as you can. Whoever becomes the heaviest for the cheapest is undoubtedly the winner. Pictures like this bring home what it means to live abroad or be accused of living abroad. Exact statistics are hard to come by or even to parse. Total tokens can only be prefigured by an existing head count but all the open tabs—open items feel severe. All the books in the library make the sound of knowledge. I’m out for a taste of what it means to be closer or farther from the noises that duck hunters use to attract prey. Certainly, all their action was warranted by the way in which they we're able to reach closer to the mountains or moon. Every part of the vehicle ends up replaced because of its dimensions as I measured them. Total square footage or a similar characteristic is what would be able to underwrite everything. Basic change is what affords these privileges or those casualties. Sometimes, though, during the summer, all the thoughts fade away. All the pieces miss their mark. All sounds convey envy. Somewhere to the furthest right of what had been encased in concrete or bridged over lives the parts of a measure that are very quickly beaten down or brought into lightness. The exact opposite of fortune rather than the parts of a yard that are unused. Among the affordances—the bits available—what information is alive? What spontaneous things are awake from me and you. Spokes tip me off to the things you normally can’t buy and eggs usually point in some sort of direction when you drop them. Harness ego and go—be there when it takes place. Elevate the exact leaves of the tree that mosts resembles your face or study the specific branches and read their predictive power. I can’t even say that it’s certainly a lot cheaper than buying it. I feel special like at weddings or when there are cakes but I can’t feel the size of a wound until I’m told how bad it is. What makes something yellow depends on the pieces of yellow that are nearby. Since I’m typically the most colorful person in the room, I tend to have an infectious way of spreading definitions to many of the objects I see. Or more importantly, the object I lose in being padded or running simulations of trials without keeping track of how many have happened or how many exits. Brought forward by someone who does writing there aren’t that many places left where you could act as a tree or scale back planned developments. Usually projects—especially relating to construction—become complete in their adornment or possess a certain majesty in their relation to concepts like sea. Most totally, one can't count up to 100 without the crevices in rocks and stones that appear most. Making those decisions requires a comfort with pens and pencils that I don't plan to have or acquire. I keep thinking about all the starfish under my toes. All the ways I can constantly breath in and out. The ways I feel my mind occupied by something or contemplative. It was like meeting people near the bike path or in the library. It was like going to grab dinner where we clutched at connections. Where we ourselves in others and hoped that they would recognize themselves in us. That they could be convinced that we were them and that if al my insides spilled out they would match yours. There seems to be a taboo on going to deep though and reaching too far inside—being too eager, not being afraid. You need to know how the rules of the game work. You need to understand what the symbols mean. You can’t actually jump straight into the waves. There is always a worry of certainty—a sense that things are fragile or this real lack of trust in self. How long does it take to open up your borders to someone else. How far do you have to go or how long do you have to drop in. How much work can already be said to be done. I was looking at a tree which was both soothing and alarming at the same time. Puzzled by contradictions, I sort of shaved my head at the wrong time. I like not doing anything too much to burn out. I keep looking back over my shoulder and seeing a really small version of myself. I feel like I’m actually too loose in the direction of September to even encounter the spaces where you can and can’t be subliminal. I was looking across all these different kinds of paths. Want to hear something fucked up. Hear something in the way of me. Sometimes I have trouble totally just fixing myself in some point in time because the best parts of the garden are filled with wonder. Sometimes even when I sit alone there are little bits of sound, little bits of woodworking that ask me about the probabilities—about the sound. Introspecting, the word seems better than around me. The dials and keys of the universe have come back into alignment and the liminal space that grows fonder with age and police reveals itself for opportunity. Anyway, my thoughts begin over there, begin backwards, are contained as a kind of alarming sentiment that makes me start to pick at bones and get very hungry. Sometimes I think about how busy I was in the past and the way all the shoes I had contained tiny paragraphs on their tongues. I was embalmed with the idea that I couldn’t focus and I had trouble turning from left to right. You see it was because the space where the door finally opened—where everything began to flutter and speciate—that was a space of really good learning for me. I could get across the pond really quickly. I could compete. I could even ski if the snow wasn’t so good but I couldn’t really feel anything. I didn’t really know the right way to go about things. I don’t even think it was strange. It just seemed like things could really get better or worse. All the parts of the misdirection were curious or didn’t quite make it back home for dinner in time. I liked to use the word spurious. I liked creeping back and forth until I couldn’t hear anymore. Everything was really fucking big and there were a shitload of people there and it only mattered because it was so hot outside. Matter only hot because it was outside. So carefree and available to replace anything we may have wanted to include or not include. Bare trees help me find a better way of working which becomes harder and harder for everyone involved. Maybe I can dive deep into this gap and show up more or less involved. Chances are that there may be chances. That hope finds a better way to be inconsequential or difficult. Probably after stations were determined or whether they’re quiet has a lot of impact on things. These parts of the garden or bush that I don’t really care about. I just don’t really care to be honest. I had a little bit of interest at first but I felt like it all pulled away. Like it was sucking me down into some sort of dark or profound space that I wasn’t so sure about. Back in the alleyway, I couldn’t even feel the wind on my head because it was so large that it actually had trouble finding me. I was a computational tool amongst a bunch of different people and I couldn’t bring myself to not eat or to be less hungry. I just feel like I knew the best spots to go and I knew where exactly to look. Finally at the end, when the people couldn’t stop proving their relationship to the world around them. The best parts of hope became the insides and outsides of what to do. See as I was a shellfish, I was blown apart by what I felt like I could do. I was chose or subjected to or absolutely reduced to a single foothold in the ground that could be stomped into or out of. Especially during the last parts of the night when everything began to fade around me and I didn’t even know what to do, I was alarmed and curious about what the best stuff was. I kept thinking in opposites and being the amazing or whatever. I tried twisting myself into a little coil or spiraling up into a ball. The woman who owns the costume is upset. The particular part of the set has become untangled. True existence for mushrooms only. Today, I woke up especially late. It was strange. Today, I borrowed a fake name from someone. Expecting fragrances or refracting out across all the ears. I fold and I touch to anchor myself in the present. I’m brought back to sleep when I’ve had a little too much to drink. I’m a fucking beast at writing elegiacs. Bring joy to farmland with your concern about rainfall or temperature. Exist precisely in the space where you just don’t really feel like moving and you can’t really do anything. Some people stay up forever, like I swear they don’t even speak or can’t fall asleep for that matter. What is it that holds us on the edge of consciousness for so long? What makes us perturbed by the thought of sleep. Will I not be great because I can sleep, because I can eat and pace myself in the ways I borrow? This artwork makes me sick. These plants make me sick because I’m allergic to them. Everything makes me sick, because I am sick. Fuck—what is even the point of dragging my nose through the garden everyday and hoping for what. For a free library book? That’s not a great offer. That’s a many-times-in-a-lifetime offer. That’s bigger grass for a bigger pet. My favorite part of the that show was the part where the TV turned off because I don’t fucking like that show. Anyway, I think I’m just being misogynistic now or at least a little unsightly. I’m organizing all of my trousers into rows and columns that appeal to me and you. I’m becoming a portal into the most exact part of the Northeast. Two times this year, I’ve seen lots of parts of wood and turnarounds echo off the back of my own face. I was triggered by night in a way that made me feel invincible or invisible. I was slightly cantankerous, but just to use the word. I had to be careful with mass shootings because they have a very strange way of slipping right through your fingertips. I grow as only a baby lion does. As only one can make content for. As perhaps we all became stuck to the bottom my heart and that is where I came from and where I now go to. Often in the light and dark, I puzzle over the place where we can focus our feet and extend our noses out to the other side of the landing. Where beers are not only sharply but also give off a sense of being alert and evil. Strong scents blast me forward into a whole host of next order problems. Spin times irk me in ways that keep bringing up what I can do new. What makes me elevate myself. What makes me do the things that I do. How do we prostrate or think about tuning? How can we ever see or do against ourselves in the way that we hope? I am the kind of pumpkins—or at least I can hold some sort of illusion for a little. Grasp at this temporary game that we like. Hold ourselves accountable for telling me what to do. I’ll push my own eyes over the edge until they can’t make anymore noise and they immediately sink back into going broke. These days are times when I find myself going over opposite metrics or finding room for new staff or writing in funny voices. That’s what makes a new spot for delicacies or open toed shoes or permanent entry marks into space and time. What makes each case different in a case by case basis? Or what orders satisfaction across the general ideas we have. I can’t sit here and even think about eating until I try to leave. I’ll even spurn the best selections available to me just to be obvious. Just to be a locomotive. I’m sort of trying to find the obvious and be certain but it’s really more electric than I would expect. Too many parts of this theater won’t elect anyone. I wouldn’t even try to find a park where books are available or we can find each other. Once, far off and a long time ago, I bit saucers and blew up new fear or tangential ideas. I’m looking up and down to find the bus, which most people don’t advise but I do because I’m fucking crazy, because I eat all manner of things. Bring these finds across any table where I can see them or I can perish. I’m locked up inside a book where misery lies and total dog amnesia is acceptable. Where scent comes first and you can hear people across the planet. I see warm but I’m actually red hot. I’m incantatory but also a tortoise. Blow me out from under the places where sight and sound coalesce or reach an agreement between them that they won’t pull each other’s hair or bite their nails. Those four qualities were exactly what stopped me from being able to feel cold or reveal exposures to myself. I wanted to be a nail, but I found myself always coming up as a hammer and nevertheless hoping that someone would pick me or raise their hand to indicate something. My land is common still and water is the tonic of another. My air is simple pages and broken towards new ships. My singing brings toward reticent cloves and breaches away from self longing. By beaches, I run in my clothes and pull away shelves of longing. Over spears, I creep gently toward empires demonic. Tempest here I’ve found older rosebuds in cast away iron pans. Intense deposed, I’m altercation with get the fuck out of here. Patiences moors gives me honest belonging. Pressing into grooves, I sit down and ask for the check. Tempted by film, I spirit myself to a new danger. Driving by car and I can’t hear the radio. Expectant as mother, I boll weevil back towards sunshine. Impenetrable excess only bone marrows expects a tutor. Olive oil hair-doo untouched by fetid matter. Semolina wishes important mediocre daily. Emblematic fonds argue times tables with witches. Imp-like mastery pretends the coming of a watermelon. Also of ice and stone by fancy. Tempted in lion over battle by jury. Squashed in stone, temperament of an echo. Sprouted by bales of hay in the winter time. Occasioned and let go—beat by rain. Excuses constrain change as maximal eardrops. Part water, part electric brings back quick exhales. Emblematic fire is a wishing well for the less fortunate. Spurious over teaching in all content by dairy. Tempestuous alarm exhausts many fountains. Fire by a bald eagle, electric by a chair. Sentiment over great definitions pokes holes in ideas about spinal taps. Chances of deelecterifyinh part time work is vicious and alluring. Spoken at a slant, living in a rock. Delicate but able to be looked forward to. Total commitment to exonerating. Self selecting by a force of nature. Allergic and infested by a self or a heatbreak. Time’s fickle demeanor pokes holies in a clam. Electric zoo, special times, knocked kneed sheep. Expensive taste brings back new ideas about light. Tempted armchair works through new trees identifying willows about new curmudgeons. Expectant fathers eat little but break in preparation for a rock solid fancy. Table to ossification elbows for gentleman rockstars that court bunny-makers. Spread eagle turn table lightens bitter bizarre half specials. Oligarchy daydreams mollify element dime bags. Other illusions are quicker when they don’t have much ink behind them. Spaces that are demarcated by lobsters tend to be of interest to tourists. Patches down towards the shore get lost by canvases and paintbrushes that always point to magnetic north. Write sentimental as the square root of a point in time when turtles could talk. Bring specific experiences into the foreground by writing about them. Sandwiches are made by hands. Spontaneity erupts like a whistle. Counterfactuals are the best part of a good cheeseboard. I’d like to see them flip themselves around a bunch to go over there. She threw the rock as hard as she could—pretty damn hard. Special throws to the rock are about as hard as they can be. Line breaks light up hen they think that their hair looks good that day. Rhythms over work themselves into top pages unformatted. Get quicker and closer to the work at hand. Destroy pines needles because no one likes them. Induce stress in yourself so you can perform better. Be mild about babies because they have a lot of consequences. Get down on your knees and hope to fucking die. Prefigure your ego about space we can’t account for. Get better at poetry by eating lots of carrots. Special packrat bare roots allude my canteen at dinner time. I’m way, way too many quarters without a sense of smell. All over the darling grass roots, I’ve come to look closer at the special collections. This search is alluring, it’s like a big part of what I do and don’t do. Can I be somewhere that they don’t know? Avoid entropy by not looking at it when it happens. Dark cigarettes don’t go down the road to spaces. I can’t believe in places I haven’t followed to the root before he catches me staring at the pumpkins. Staring at language, getting all worked up about the small bits of hair no one cares about or the places in the world that are counter intuitive. Is there any space for running water? Dish soap elegy for all the dirt that I can’t complain about. Tarmac spokes that look out of order and don’t clean themselves in order. Salon space that goes both over and under producing a big mess of reason to talk about high and low faces. Strong sense of the stream that purports to be with or without danger. Get me all over this mess, get me out of here in a flash. In a special collection or glowing by the exit sign. This part of the dance is fucking awesome and that’s glorious by the parts I can tell and don’t want to be let down pulling furious ideas of turn tables that broach only the strong. I’m fast and light and automatic all at the same time.  Of course there was a powerpoint slide in the article about Gujaratis and diaspora. Of course, there was something that made you wish and think different. Of course, the higher orders of state consciousness contain us in a multitude of ways. Of course, I’m unreasonable when grumpy and philosophical when energetic. Of course, the earth spins and revolves into dust which I find prophetic. Of course, I measure and read everything that I can get my hands on. Of course, I’m thinking about when to text him back. Of course, I’m focused on the rumbles in my belly. By force, I found flat tires scattered along the roadway. Of course, temples and fixations are the best part of memory. Choice elevates bird’s wings to higher points in time. Of course, I’l watch your thoughts while you go to the bathroom. I’m adverse to things that taste like peanut butter and chocolate. Cellophane wrappers barely contain the likeness that I need to bring myself to the floor. A horse, of course. Of the course, he had a few things to say which emptied into a shower of golden sparks. These choices were made as decisions that are empty of substance or meaning. Let go of your sandwich. Watch it fall to the floor. This elevator brings us all closer together in ways we want to be imagined. I’ll happily think about being an inferno. Selectively, I can’t help but see the point of being ignored. Tangential to these systems is the best part of alerting the Navy that things have gone wrong or been forced to be better or best. At ease from that stroke color only appears when it enters a field of vision that is porous and dry. This is why I think about being so far gone. This why my hope lies in a small basket I can attach to the front of my bike. Of course, I’m waiting for her to show up. Of course, I’ve never used the delicate setting on the washing machine. When I’m walking around I find myself obsessed with the way that I look and I wonder whether I should just be a bouquet of flowers. Aesthetics are so ponderous that I’ve considered the possibility of an invisibility cloak as the greatest fashion choice in that it doesn’t signify. The bark that I feel on the side of a tree prepares itself to be stroked or removed or touched. I’d couch what I’m saying with the reassurances that I’ve never folded my clothes. I usually say to people things which I’ve caught with my hands and opposite my thumbs I’ve licensed a great little system for eating time. Usually she walks around in circle with her hands tied waiting for the oscillations in the clock to appear stagnant or as objects in the air. Yesterday, we tore memories out of a book and folded them into paper airplanes which we kept trapped under a paper weight. Before that I devised a system where we might be able to scaled our enemies with the power of our breaths. Telling tall tales is usually something that happens to you, not something you actively do. One part of the world where you can’t get any socks ceased to exist 100 years ago. This provoked any number of the most sensitive portions of my body which had me alive yet distant. The hope for her actually looking through me was the best thing yet—an ulterior spot to rest my chin. Yet, I can’t quite put my finger on where an alligator would lie or whether there is a place in the sun for me. The opposite of yellow is breaking a yolk and the spot where you hit an egg predicts your lifespan. As a consequence, a torrent of bees can ebb and swell in ways that I always want to know about. Following the idea, I’ve put forward a method for dealing with social stigma whereby it is drawn and quartered. How is tangential pain worked around or brought to fruition? Can it be a place to hide in rather than avoid? Writing about coffee stains my teeth in ways that aren’t already any better than an electric fence. The idea of breaking away part of a muffin and sending it back to bed could excite me a lot more. As a counterweight to the eventual promise of light and sound, let’s all do a dance without feet. Thus, in the morning, where we place out ties close together, I open up pathways for feeling better and worse. However you cut up a tomato there will always be a part that cringes and says how are you. In this method of spacing teeth, I hope to prove that circle are only round when drawn by hand. Following the fifth sequence is much more difficult because it stops me from having to think. The third full area where you can see the pond as it grows wants to help me know where I stand. The final order of commitment clarifies for me that I’m rectified or able to produce media. In order to place ourselves as separate we have to go to the shoe store and buy what we want. According to this view on the order of the sun and moon, the changes in temperature appear light with rain. In the same vein as everything else that speaks simply, I’m hoping that I’ll be able to protrude myself. This, in the place of the rain and theology, I welcome everyone to live and dine in places lit up with youth. The process of timing yourself necessitates that you look up and tie your tie while hoping to be engineered. Wiring about memories makes me feel like a butterfly that ponders its relationship to chaos theory on occasion. 